README.md, before:

# Calculator

Simple calculator app that does basic mathematical operations like add, subtract, mulitply, etc. The UI is based on the classic iPhone calculator.


## Recommended IDE Setup

[VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/) + [Volar](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.volar) (and disable Vetur) + [TypeScript Vue Plugin (Volar)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.vscode-typescript-vue-plugin).

## Project Description

# The calculator app supports the following operations

- Basic operations like add, subtract, multiply, divide.
- Conversion of result into percentage
- Delete last inputted number
- Supports decimal values
- Clearing the input or result

# Technologies Used

- The calculator app is written in Vuejs3
- Vuejs and Vuejs do not have the same support and features compared to Vue3
- The use of any backend language like Laravel or memory management tool like VueX was not used since the functionality did not require it at the time. However, I'm planning to introduce a history feature, and hence, that might change soon. 
- Software versions
- Node.js: 19.4.0
- npm: 9.2.0
- Vue: 3.2.45
- Vite: 4.0.0

# Future Plans:

 - History feature that stores past results and operations of the user
 - Answer feature that lets the user make use of last result calculated in operations
 - Introduction to scientific calculator features like log, trignometric and exponential operations
 - Do operations on fractions
 - Only display simple calculator for small windows and scientific calculator for larger windows


## Project Setup

**The project setup assumes you have npm and node.js installed**



1. Clone the repository 
2. Open the command termial and navigate to the cloned repository
3. Run the following commands 
   
    ```sh
    npm install
    ```
     ```sh  
    npm run dev
    ```
4. CTRL + click on the host link to see the preview

Commit message:

added location of live server to docs

README.md, after:

# Calculator

Simple calculator app that does basic mathematical operations like add, subtract, mulitply, etc. The UI is based on the classic iPhone calculator.

Live demonstration of the app can be found in xcalc.vercel.app


## Recommended IDE Setup

[VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/) + [Volar](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.volar) (and disable Vetur) + [TypeScript Vue Plugin (Volar)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.vscode-typescript-vue-plugin).

## Project Description

# The calculator app supports the following operations

- Basic operations like add, subtract, multiply, divide.
- Conversion of result into percentage
- Delete last inputted number
- Supports decimal values
- Clearing the input or result

# Technologies Used

- The calculator app is written in Vuejs3
- Vuejs and Vuejs do not have the same support and features compared to Vue3
- The use of any backend language like Laravel or memory management tool like VueX was not used since the functionality did not require it at the time. However, I'm planning to introduce a history feature, and hence, that might change soon. 
- Software versions
- Node.js: 19.4.0
- npm: 9.2.0
- Vue: 3.2.45
- Vite: 4.0.0

# Future Plans:

 - History feature that stores past results and operations of the user
 - Answer feature that lets the user make use of last result calculated in operations
 - Introduction to scientific calculator features like log, trignometric and exponential operations
 - Do operations on fractions
 - Only display simple calculator for small windows and scientific calculator for larger windows


## Project Setup

**The project setup assumes you have npm and node.js installed**



1. Clone the repository 
2. Open the command termial and navigate to the cloned repository
3. Run the following commands 
   
    ```sh
    npm install
    ```
     ```sh  
    npm run dev
    ```
4. CTRL + click on the host link to see the preview
